The idea of SpehereMovie was to simplify the process of exploring new movie releases wherein the user can watch new movie release trailers, access information about the movie, and share their reviews and thoughts about the movie. With the growing use of technology, there are many platforms where people can browse movies and look for reviews making it an overwhelming experience for the user. SphereMovie helps tackle these problems by collating all information about the movie in one specific place for the user to have a more structured approach while having the flexibility of browsing through every movie including new releases, watching their trailers, and leaving their reviews and ratings for other users to form an opinion about the movie. This also ensures there's an engagement between the movie enthusiasts especially, it also fosters an engaging platform as users can voice their opinions on certain movie trailers. Overall, it's an engaging platform for all movie enthusiasts and provides insight into all new movie releases.
Some of the tools used to run the project are GitHub and Discord, for team collaboration and for a smoother work flow. Programs used for this project are Java, JavaScript, and React. For frontend we are using JavaScript, and for the backend Java is used. MangoDB is the platform we would be using for the rest of the API.
We are planning to use pull request once the actual coding for the project starts to make sure everyone’s code is optimized to build the project. Similarly branch names will also be done once we start the implementation of the project.
