Frontend: For the front-end side, we are going to make use of React as it is one of the most popular JavaScript frameworks for creating dynamic, interactive user interface parts. It enables us to declare reusable building blocks called components with which we can construct various parts of the SphereMovie website like for example a home page, movie lists, trailer viewers, and review forms. With React, that interaction would be seamless, since React does not update the whole page, like typical web applications do as it updates only what it needs to. This makes interactions much quicker and much more responsive, meaning that users will be able to browse movies, watch trailers, and leave reviews without interruptions. React will help us organize our code better and work with data flow on the site since it's a lot easier that way when maintaining or expanding projects with new features over time.

Backend: For the back-end side, we'll be using Java Spring Boot. It's a very powerful framework which makes the building of web applications and services with Java much easier. Building robust and scalable RESTful services basically means we provide a backend that is reliable as it can handle multiple users requests all at once with no hassle and scale up to more users as the popularity of the platform goes up. Furthermore, RESTful services are just a way to have our backend communicate with the frontend by using common web methods to communicate. This would allow the backend to get user actions such as to watch trailer or to submit reviews to handle the request received and further send across required data or response to the frontend seamlessly.

Database: 
